<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: September 11, 2024</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the <a href="https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/" target="_blank">Privacy Policy Generator</a>.</p>
<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>
<h3>Interpretation</h3>
<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>App Author</strong> means the creator and author of the software.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Affiliate</strong> means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where &quot;control&quot; means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Application</strong> refers to steam-id-bot, the software program provided by the App Author.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Country</strong> refers to: Arizona,  United States</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the App Author. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the App Author to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the App Author, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the App Author in analyzing how the Service is used.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Third-party Social Media Service</strong> refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the app author, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>

## Types of Data Collected
While using Our Service, We will ask you for a Steam profile URL to obtain your Steam account ID. No data or information is retained.

## Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the App Author may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
### Other legal requirements
The App Author may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the App Author
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact the App Author:
By email: contact@shadez95.dev
